README.md, before:

# ASCIIPlayback

    yo waddup                                 |
        /                       |/            |
      \O-     \ /       ='_     O-    o   o.o |
       %\      X    #   /!     /|'   /A\ / a >|
      / \     /@\ "|"|"  |>    / \ "|"|"  /|  |
    """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

ASCIIPlayback is a program which plays files from
[ASCIImator](http://asciimator.net/).  It depends on Python 2 (tested with
2.7.6) and Pygame (tested with 1.9.1).  ASCIIPlayback is licensed under the MIT
license; see `LICENSE` for details.

## Usage

### Downloading

ASCIImations are currently downloaded by download\_asciimation.py, which is
used as follows:

    $ ./download_asciimation.py URL

where URL is the URL of the page you'd view in order to watch the ASCIImation
in your web browser.  For instance, to download
[Intelligence (1)](http://asciimator.net/asciimation/7676), the command would
be this:

    $ ./download_asciimation.py http://asciimator.net/asciimation/7676

The default filename is the number of the ASCIImation, but this can be changed
using the -o option.

### Playing

Once an ASCIImation has been downloaded, it can be played using ASCIIPlayback.
This is done as follows:

    $ src/asciiplaybackpygame.py FILE

where FILE is the name of the file downloaded by download\_asciimation.py.
Following our example above, this would be something like:

    $ src/asciiplaybackpygame.py 7676.js

A window should appear with the ASCIImation playing.  The player can be
controlled as described in the Controls section below.

## Controls

* **Left mouse**: restart ASCIImation
* **Esc**, **Q**: quit
* **Space**: pause/play
* **PgUp**: rewind (3 levels, x2, x4, and x8)
* **PgDn**: fast-forward (3 levels, x2, x4, and x8)

## Notes

Only ASCIImator Pro files are supported at the moment.  The format used by
older versions of ASCIImator is somewhat different, so they cannot be played at
this time.  However, in the future, support for these older formats is planned.

Commit message:

Added support for the new JSON format.
Support for old .js files is removed.  Please simply re-download any
files, as they've all been converted on the server and can be retrieved
with download_asciimation.py.

README.md, after:

# ASCIIPlayback

    yo waddup                                 |
        /                       |/            |
      \O-     \ /       ='_     O-    o   o.o |
       %\      X    #   /!     /|'   /A\ / a >|
      / \     /@\ "|"|"  |>    / \ "|"|"  /|  |
    """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

ASCIIPlayback is a program which plays files from
[ASCIImator](http://asciimator.net/).  It depends on Python 2 (tested with
2.7.6) and Pygame (tested with 1.9.1).  ASCIIPlayback is licensed under the MIT
license; see `LICENSE` for details.

## Usage

### Downloading

ASCIImations are currently downloaded by download\_asciimation.py, which is
used as follows:

    $ ./download_asciimation.py URL

where URL is the URL of the page you'd view in order to watch the ASCIImation
in your web browser.  For instance, to download
[Intelligence (1)](http://asciimator.net/asciimation/7676), the command would
be this:

    $ ./download_asciimation.py http://asciimator.net/asciimation/7676

The default filename is the number of the ASCIImation, but this can be changed
using the -o option.

### Playing

Once an ASCIImation has been downloaded, it can be played using ASCIIPlayback.
This is done as follows:

    $ src/asciiplaybackpygame.py FILE

where FILE is the name of the file downloaded by download\_asciimation.py.
Following our example above, this would be something like:

    $ src/asciiplaybackpygame.py 7676.json

A window should appear with the ASCIImation playing.  The player can be
controlled as described in the Controls section below.

## Controls

* **Left mouse**: restart ASCIImation
* **Esc**, **Q**: quit
* **Space**: pause/play
* **PgUp**: rewind (3 levels, x2, x4, and x8)
* **PgDn**: fast-forward (3 levels, x2, x4, and x8)

## Notes

Only the new JSON format is supported.  This shouldn't be a problem since all
ASCIImations have been converted to this new format on ASCIImator, but any old
format files need to be re-downloaded.
